README.md, before:

<!-- Tasneem Raza | Professional GitHub README -->

<div align="center">

# 👋 Hi, I’m **Tasneem Raza**  
<h1 align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?size=30&duration=2500&color=FF69B4&center=true&vCenter=true&width=650&lines=Computer+Science+Student;Aspiring+Full-Stack+Developer;Python+Full-Stack+Development+Enthusiast;AI+Enthusiast" alt="Typing Animation"/>
</h1>  

🌍 *Visakhapatnam, India*  
📧 [tasneem78899@gmail.com](mailto:tasneem78899@gmail.com)  
🔗 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tasneem-raza-275b572b7) • [GitHub](https://github.com/Tasneem-netcode) • [Twitter](https://x.com/TasneemRaza322?t=ygmSK21Ys7hR7dfCWvHQuA&s=08) • [Medium](https://medium.com/@tasneem78899)


</div>

---

## 🌱 About Me

I’m a **Computer Science student** passionate about creating impactful and user-friendly digital experiences.  
I enjoy bringing ideas to life through **code, design, and AI** — blending creativity with logic.  

💡 *Currently learning full-stack development, exploring AI integrations, and building real-world projects.*

---

## 🧠 What I Do

- 🧩 Solve DSA problems in **C++**  
- ⚙️ Build interactive and responsive **web apps**  
- 🧠 Explore **Python libraries** for data and AI  
- 🎨 Design UI/UX templates using **Figma** and **Wix Studio**

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack & Tools

<div align="center">

<!-- 💻 Languages -->
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=c,cpp,python,javascript,html,css,mysql" height="45" />  
<br/>

<!-- 📊 Libraries -->
<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/31/NumPy_logo_2020.svg" height="45" alt="NumPy" />
&nbsp;
<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ed/Pandas_logo.svg" height="45" alt="Pandas" />
&nbsp;
<img src="https://matplotlib.org/_static/logo_light.svg" height="45" alt="Matplotlib" />
&nbsp;
<img src="https://seaborn.pydata.org/_static/logo-wide-lightbg.svg" height="45" alt="Seaborn" />
&nbsp;
<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" height="45" alt="Scikit-Learn" />
<br/>

<!-- 🛠️ Tools -->
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=vscode,git,github,figma" height="45" />
&nbsp;
<a href="https://www.wix.com/studio" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://github.com/Tasneem-netcode/Tasneem-netcode/blob/main/readme-assets/channels4_profile.png" height="45" alt="Wix Studio" />
</a>
&nbsp;
<a href="https://www.framer.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://github.com/Tasneem-netcode/Tasneem-netcode/blob/main/readme-assets/MFmOCFlEnwFAS9IP2HbUEH68axo.png" height="45" alt="Framer" />
</a>

</div>
---

## 🚀 Projects

🟣 **AI-Powered Student Platform** *(In Progress)*  
> A smart platform for students to share textbooks, PYQs, and notes — with an AI assistant to help summarize and recommend content.  

🟢 **AI-Powered Notes Summarizer**  *(In Progress)
> Built in Python to identify fish diseases from images — exploring image data analysis.    

🔵 **JavaScript Projects**  
> A collection of creative web apps to improve logic, DOM handling, and interactivity.  

---

## 📊 GitHub Insights

<div align="center">

![Tasneem's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Tasneem-netcode&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&count_private=true)  
![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Tasneem-netcode&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)

**My Recent Activity**

[![Tasneem's GitHub Contribution Graph](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Tasneem-netcode&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

</div>

---

## ☕ Fun Fact

I’m powered by **chai**, curiosity, and creativity — always learning, always building. 💫  

⭐ *“Code. Design. Build. Repeat.”*

Commit message:

Revise AI-Powered Notes Summarizer description
Updated project descriptions for clarity and focus.

README.md, after:

<!-- Tasneem Raza | Professional GitHub README -->

<div align="center">

# 👋 Hi, I’m **Tasneem Raza**  
<h1 align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?size=30&duration=2500&color=FF69B4&center=true&vCenter=true&width=650&lines=Computer+Science+Student;Aspiring+Full-Stack+Developer;Python+Full-Stack+Development+Enthusiast;AI+Enthusiast" alt="Typing Animation"/>
</h1>  

🌍 *Visakhapatnam, India*  
📧 [tasneem78899@gmail.com](mailto:tasneem78899@gmail.com)  
🔗 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tasneem-raza-275b572b7) • [GitHub](https://github.com/Tasneem-netcode) • [Twitter](https://x.com/TasneemRaza322?t=ygmSK21Ys7hR7dfCWvHQuA&s=08) • [Medium](https://medium.com/@tasneem78899)


</div>

---

## 🌱 About Me

I’m a **Computer Science student** passionate about creating impactful and user-friendly digital experiences.  
I enjoy bringing ideas to life through **code, design, and AI** — blending creativity with logic.  

💡 *Currently learning full-stack development, exploring AI integrations, and building real-world projects.*

---

## 🧠 What I Do

- 🧩 Solve DSA problems in **C++**  
- ⚙️ Build interactive and responsive **web apps**  
- 🧠 Explore **Python libraries** for data and AI  
- 🎨 Design UI/UX templates using **Figma** and **Wix Studio**

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack & Tools

<div align="center">

<!-- 💻 Languages -->
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=c,cpp,python,javascript,html,css,mysql" height="45" />  
<br/>

<!-- 📊 Libraries -->
<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/31/NumPy_logo_2020.svg" height="45" alt="NumPy" />
&nbsp;
<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ed/Pandas_logo.svg" height="45" alt="Pandas" />
&nbsp;
<img src="https://matplotlib.org/_static/logo_light.svg" height="45" alt="Matplotlib" />
&nbsp;
<img src="https://seaborn.pydata.org/_static/logo-wide-lightbg.svg" height="45" alt="Seaborn" />
&nbsp;
<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" height="45" alt="Scikit-Learn" />
<br/>

<!-- 🛠️ Tools -->
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=vscode,git,github,figma" height="45" />
&nbsp;
<a href="https://www.wix.com/studio" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://github.com/Tasneem-netcode/Tasneem-netcode/blob/main/readme-assets/channels4_profile.png" height="45" alt="Wix Studio" />
</a>
&nbsp;
<a href="https://www.framer.com/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://github.com/Tasneem-netcode/Tasneem-netcode/blob/main/readme-assets/MFmOCFlEnwFAS9IP2HbUEH68axo.png" height="45" alt="Framer" />
</a>

</div>
---

## 🚀 Projects

🟣 **AI-Powered Student Platform** *(In Progress)*  
> A smart platform for students to share textbooks, PYQs, and notes — with an AI assistant to help summarize and recommend content.  

🟢 **AI-Powered Notes Summarizer**  *(In Progress)
> Model that summarizes your notes and help you organize them.

🔵 **JavaScript Projects**  
> A collection of creative web apps to improve logic, DOM handling, and interactivity.  

---

## 📊 GitHub Insights

<div align="center">

![Tasneem's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Tasneem-netcode&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&count_private=true)  
![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Tasneem-netcode&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)

**My Recent Activity**

[![Tasneem's GitHub Contribution Graph](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Tasneem-netcode&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

</div>

---

## ☕ Fun Fact

I’m powered by **chai**, curiosity, and creativity — always learning, always building. 💫  

⭐ *“Code. Design. Build. Repeat.”*
